Alright, here's what you just learned.
Explain the interaction between batch.size, linger.ms, and buffer.memory.
Choose the right compression codec for a given throughput/latency tradeoff.
Tune consumer fetch parameters to maximize poll throughput.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to explain the interaction between batch.size, linger.ms, and buffer.memory, choose the right compression codec for a given throughput/latency tradeoff, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!